docs/installation.rst, before:

Installation
============

Dependencies
------------

Python-Redmine relies heavily on great `Requests <http://docs.python-requests.org>`_ library by Kenneth Reitz
for all the http(s) calls.

Standard Edition
----------------

PyPI
++++

The recommended way to install is from Python Package Index (PyPI) with `pip <http://www.pip-installer.org>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pip install python-redmine

GitHub
++++++

Python-Redmine is actively developed on `GitHub <https://github.com/maxtepkeev/python-redmine>`_.
If you want to get latest development sources you have to clone the repository:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ git clone git://github.com/maxtepkeev/python-redmine.git

Once you have the sources, you can install it into your site-packages:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ python setup.py install

You can also install latest stable development version via `pip <http://www.pip-installer.org>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pip install git+https://github.com/maxtepkeev/python-redmine.git@master

Pro Edition
-----------

License for a Pro Edition can be bought
`here <https://secure.2checkout.com/order/checkout.php?PRODS=4708754&QTY=1&CART=1&CARD=1&DISABLE_SHORT_FORM_MOBILE=1>`_.
You will receive an email with all the details regarding Pro Edition installation process. In case of any
problems support is provided via support@python-redmine.com. Please be sure to write from email that was
specified during the purchase procedure.

Commit message:

pro edition payment procedure update

docs/installation.rst, after:

Installation
============

Dependencies
------------

Python-Redmine relies heavily on great `Requests <http://docs.python-requests.org>`_ library by Kenneth Reitz
for all the http(s) calls.

Standard Edition
----------------

PyPI
++++

The recommended way to install is from Python Package Index (PyPI) with `pip <http://www.pip-installer.org>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pip install python-redmine

GitHub
++++++

Python-Redmine is actively developed on `GitHub <https://github.com/maxtepkeev/python-redmine>`_.
If you want to get latest development sources you have to clone the repository:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ git clone git://github.com/maxtepkeev/python-redmine.git

Once you have the sources, you can install it into your site-packages:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ python setup.py install

You can also install latest stable development version via `pip <http://www.pip-installer.org>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pip install git+https://github.com/maxtepkeev/python-redmine.git@master

Pro Edition
-----------

License for a Pro Edition can currently only be bought via `TON <https://ton.org>`__ by transferring 25 USDT
to the following wallet address: :code:`UQBn0FIZM1zM7lmIeCczdk9sIMDrvBfFbbuXsYJPdCaFcmYJ`. After the
transaction is complete, be sure to send an email to support@python-redmine.com that contains your transaction ID
and you will receive an email back with all the details regarding Pro Edition installation process. Please give us
at least 3 to 6 hours to process these emails.
